Today, in just six minutes, without picking up a book or turning a page, you're going to master four key ideas from four best-selling business books.
In fact, you'll understand how to market better, manage better, hire better people, and make your speeches more effectively just from listening to this tape.
It's our way of introducing you to the Fast Track.
This program from Macmillan brings you the best in business books in concise 45-minute tape summaries.
With the Fast Track, you can absorb proven business tools and techniques anywhere you can take a cassette player, wherever and whenever you have a few minutes.
And with this special offer, take your first four tape summaries absolutely free without obligation.
But more on that later.
Let's begin with the super marketers.
Drawing on the most compelling and famous marketing examples, noted author Robert Heller shares with you the ten guidelines that can make you a super marketer.
Let's listen in on the fourth one, marketing to get and keep customers.
Some marketers make the mistake of trying to make the market respond to their product instead of having their product respond to the market.
In the past, this has been the typical Detroit procedure, to build a car and then try to identify its buyers.
But the story of the birth of Ford's Mustang is a classic case of doing it the right way, a case of a market in search of a product and not the other way around.
Ford's research had shown clearly that there was a real market for a car with an unmistakable youthful image.
so the car makers were able to tailor their new Mustang for a hungry new market.
But the approach was a little more sophisticated than that.
First, Ford went about making the market powerfully aware of its hunger, and then it satisfied that appetite with a plentiful supply of a car with three marketing points.
great styling, strong performance, and a low price.
Now, let's hear some innovative techniques you can use to escape common organizational traps.
In The Effective Executive, Peter Drucker, considered the father of the science of management, shows you how to develop skills that fulfill the ultimate management goal, getting things done right.
Effectiveness is a habit, by which I mean a complex of practices.
and practices can always be learned.
There is no reason why anyone with normal endowment should not acquire competence in any practice.
There are essentially five practices that have to be acquired to be an effective executive.
One, managing time effectively.
Two, focusing on one's overall contribution rather than on the details of work to be done.
Three, building on one's strengths and those of superiors, colleagues, and subordinates.
Four, setting priorities and staying with those decisions.
Five, making effective decisions, basing judgments on dissenting opinions rather than on consensus on the facts.
Next, we have Robert Half on hiring.
Here, nationally recognized employment expert Robert Half shows you how to hire the right people.
Most executives base their hiring decisions on intuition.
Here's what Robert Half has to say about that.
Avoid the cloning trap.
It's human nature to be drawn to people whose background and thinking are similar to your own, but you may shortchange yourself.
The predictable result of hiring mirror images is that a company or department will be strong in those areas in which you are strong, weak in those areas in which you are weak.
The most successful companies have diversity in their top management team.
Hiring should be based on balance.
You should select people with an eye on how they fit the team.
Hiring strong people can only enhance your career.
They will not only improve the efficiency of your department, but you will become known as someone who hires winners.
That's not a bad reputation to have.
Finally, let's explore the intricacies of making effective speeches and presentations with lessons from our master communicator himself, Steve Allen.
In How to Make a Speech, Allen draws from 40 years of experience at the podium with such tried and tested methods as this one.
It's important to get the feel of your audience.
If you're not sure about the bias and emotions of those you're addressing, just to listen to their responses.
While making a campaign speech, a candidate was trying to discover the dominant religion of his audience, and he began by saying, My great-grandfather was an Episcopalian.
There was stony silence.
But, he continued, My great-grandmother belonged to the Congregational Church.
Again, silence.
My grandfather was a Baptist.
More silence.
While my grandmother was a Presbyterian.
Still nothing.
But I had a great-aunt who was a Methodist.
Yay!
Loud applause.
and I have always followed my great aunt.
Sustained cheering.
The man was elected.
The point's really a simple one.
It'll be to your advantage to know how your audience feels about the subject on which you're speaking.
You need not ingratiate yourself with them, if that's not your purpose, but you should know where they stand.
Now that you've heard the excerpts, enjoy the complete tape summaries.
All four are yours with our compliments.
But you must act now.
Just return the enclosed postage paid reply card and we'll send you your first tapes absolutely free.
If you don't agree, they're the quickest, easiest way to master the latest business information in minutes.
Simply write cancel on your invoice and you owe nothing.
Of course, the tapes are yours to keep.
So discover how you can profit from the fast track by sending for your free tapes.
Complete and return the postage paid reply card today.